- Hi, I’m @jdartstart. As my E-name suggests I'm a lifelong digital artist, or Photoshop Jockey, having Beta tested the original version (Betas A-G 1988-1989) soon after it's inception beginning with the experience of it's creators, John W & Charles G from Southern California, with rastor(pixel-based) image editing gained during production of the now classic Hollywood romantic-comedy, "Inner Space", starring Dennis Quaid, Meg Ryan and Martin Short in 1987 after being awarded the Oscar for Best Visual Effects and quickly starting marketing the flagship consumer software under the now infamous company name, Adobe (Systems, Inc.). Steve Jobs tried to buy the company in 1982, the same year it was formed, for $5 million, nearly a decade prior to Photoshop. Warnock and Geschke refused having left Xerox to developed and sell the first page description language, PostScript, revolutionizing printing, decimating typesetting and sparking desktop publishing but later licensed it to Apple in 1985 after an investor fueled sale of the equivilent of a 19% stock share at nearly 5 times the value of the company, making it the first Silicon Valley company to show a first year profit EVER since that year; circa 1982, Las Altos, CA. where from John's garage his wife, graphic artist Marva Warnock, could see the small backyard creek, named after the Spanish word for Mudbrick, adobe, and designed it's first logo, beginning with a stylized A, and red sub-text, a $27.165 billion 26,000 employee PC-based company was born. All to answer her question, "What's it do?"...and John the copier salesman's answer was, "...well, with this (a home printer) you've got an entire print shop. And this, (a modem) the beginning of mass data transfer and the all-in-one creative person can rule it all...from his room a-top the world!"
- 👀 I’m interested in establishing the next step for an all powerfull selfless ME: The Original Creative... WHO SAVES THE PLANET instead of making $ from it.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning that everything I've done up until now has been for one purpose...fortune from technology at the expense of other's loss(our planet!) and free-will freedom from the same technology that's destroying my/our place in the universe. My one acre of land is now farming and fishing and facilitating others to do the same. Eat fresh, grow fresh, stay fresh and healthy. Daily working outside in nature with nature AND THEN online connected to others alike...simple, safe, free and fun. Use AI power to solve the planets problems FIRST!
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on re-inventing small business by learning from the past, combining technologies for business(making $) and applying it to establishing the right platform for pure free expression... the marketing of everyone's inner creative ... to one's-self freed into harmony with the heavens: a state of Eternal art, music and entertainment for and by the creative soul... instant "mind to motion to creation for GOOD!"...not evil from idle freedoms in the hands of the already rich and powerful. The Eden of Creative Freedom: One's own mind.
- 📫 How to reach me ... jDArtStart is everywhere: the yahoo, the google, the soundcloud...the next place to be is one's own home: the pure creative soul. It's all relative...yet entangled: pure self re-designed fun from free-form expression x 10 to the 10 x 10 x A-Z. 
jdartstart/jdartstart is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
